JN config addition on Getting Started page (Config D) (#166)
stratum-mining/stratumprotocol.org: src/getting-started.md

2023-03-21T17:54:28.722207Z  INFO translator_sv2::upstream_sv2::upstream: Up: Sending: Sv2Frame { header: Header { extension_type: 32768, msg_type: 27, msg_length: U24(41) }, payload: Some(Mining(SubmitSharesExtended(SubmitSharesExtended { channel_id: 1, sequence_number: 0, job_id: 1, nonce: 2784102488, ntime: 1679417936, version: 536870912, extranonce: Owned([0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]) }))), serialized: None }
2023-03-21T17:54:29.584107Z  INFO translator_sv2::upstream_sv2::upstream: Is future job: true

2023-03-21T17:54:29.584210Z  INFO translator_sv2::upstream_sv2::upstream: Up: New Extended Mining Job
2023-03-21T17:54:29.584363Z  INFO translator_sv2::upstream_sv2::upstream: Up: Set New Prev Hash
[roles/translator/src/proxy/bridge.rs:584] job.job_id = 2
[roles/translator/src/proxy/bridge.rs:584] sv2_set_new_prev_hash.job_id = 2
BITCOIN TARGET: [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]
2023-03-21T17:54:33.437332Z  INFO translator_sv2::proxy::bridge: SHARE MEETS TARGET
```

## Config D: SV1 firmware > Translation Proxy JN (Job Negotiator) > SV2 Pool

> This configuration allows mining devices running SV1 firmware to connect to an SV2 Pool through a Translation Proxy (tProxy). In this case the proxy is designed also to implement the **Job Negotiator (JN)** features: it's able to negotiate the block templates to mine on with the **Pool-side JN**. In this configuration, **transaction selection** is done by the miners locally (through the tProxy JN) and then negotiated with the pool.

Reviewer: There's not really any negotiation happening. In current implementation, the pool cannot decline what miners propose, so I re-worded it for clarity.

```suggestion
This configuration allows mining devices running SV1 firmware to connect to an SV2 Pool through a Translation Proxy (tProxy). In this case the tProxy is designed also to implement the **Job Negotiator (JN)** sub-protocol: allowing miners to select transaction locally and send them the **Pool-side JN**. 
```

Author: Totally agree with you. 
Thanks!

In the following guide a Template Provider is installed locally on the same machine, to provide block templates to the JN.

![Config2](/assets/config-d.svg)

### 1. Install, setup and run local regtest **Template Provider**

> > <ins>**Warning**</ins> <br>

Reviewer: Great addition!

2023-03-21T17:59:36.396456Z  INFO pool_sv2::lib::template_receiver::setup_connection: Setup template provider connection success!
2023-03-21T17:59:36.397098Z  INFO pool_sv2::lib::mining_pool: PUB KEY: [TxOut { value: 5000000000, script_pubkey: Script(OP_PUSHBYTES_65 04466d7fcae563e5cb09a0d1870bb580344804617879a14949cf22285f1bae3f276728176c3c6431f8eeda4538dc37c865e2784f3a9e77d044f33e407797e1278a OP_CHECKSIG) }]
2023-03-21T17:59:36.397138Z  INFO pool_sv2::lib::job_negotiator: JN INITIALIZED
2023-03-21T17:59:36.397288Z  INFO pool_sv2::lib::mining_pool: Starting up pool listener
2023-03-21T17:59:36.397489Z  INFO pool_sv2::lib::mining_pool: Listening for encrypted connection on: 0.0.0.0:34254
```

### 3. Start **Translator (tProxy) JN**

Once the pool is running, let's run the tProxy that will facilitate communication between the pool and a CPU miner.
Differently from the Config C, in this case the **tProxy** will be acting as a **Job Negotiator (JN)**, so it will negotiate the block templates to mine on with the Pool-side JN.
```
cd stratum/roles/translator/
```

> Within the `tproxy-config-JN.toml` you will be able to specify which pool should a translation proxy connect to. By default, the tProxy will connect to a locally hosted pool (which you deployed in the previous step). Feel free to switch the pools while testing things out.

Author: I was wrong, the current `tproxy-config-JN.toml` points to the hosted TP.
The issue is still the same, but in the opposite direction. In this way we always use the hosted TP, but we don't have the right config for testing the local TP.
So we still need a PR on stratum to fix this

![Config1](/assets/config-c.svg)

> ### Prerequisites

Author: I agree. 
Moved at the beginning and removed from the below configs 👍

2023-03-13T11:59:49.119795Z  INFO translator_sv2::upstream_sv2::upstream: Up: Successfully Submitted Share

```

## Config 2: SV1 firmware > Translation Proxy JN (Job Negotiator) > SV2 Pool

This configuration allows mining devices running SV1 firmware to connect to an SV2 Pool through a Translation Proxy (tProxy). In this case the proxy is designed also to implement the **Job Negotiator (JN)** features: it's able to negotiate the block templates to mine on with the **Pool-side JN**. In this configuration, **transaction selection** is done by the miners locally (through the tProxy JN) and then negotiated with the pool.
In the following guide a Template Provider is installed locally on the same machine, to provide block templates to the JN.

Job Negotiator follow the specification on this page: [https://github.com/stratum-mining/sv2-spec/blob/main/06-Job-Negotiation-Protocol.md](https://github.com/stratum-mining/sv2-spec/blob/main/06-Job-Negotiation-Protocol.md) 

![Config2](/assets/config-d.svg)

> For the **MVP2 release** the high level description is as follows:
> 
> 1. **Proxy JN** connects with the **Pool JN**;
> 2. **Proxy JN** sends ***AllocateMiningJobToken*** message to the **Pool JN**;
> 3. **Pool JN** answers with a ***AllocateMiningJobToken.Success*** which contains an unique token to identify the job;
> 4. **Proxy JN** connects with its chosen **Template Provider**; 
> 5. **Template Provider** sends ***News Template*** and ***New PrevHash*** to the **Proxy**;
> 6. **Proxy JN** sends ***CommitMiningJob*** message to the **Pool** which contains data of the Template;
> 7. **Pool** answers ***CommitMiningJob.Success*** always [read the note];
> 8. Proxy sends to its miners SetCustomMiningJob and let the miners start mining and sending shares to the pool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Removed it.
What do you think about the fact that in JN protocol specs linked in the guide (https://github.com/stratum-mining/sv2-spec/blob/main/06-Job-Negotiation-Protocol.md) there are messages which are not tackled in the MVP2 release?
Should I remove also the link to the specs from the Config D guide?

> > **Note:** All other messages that are needed to identify the template and the transactions by the pool are left to be done in MVP3 release. In MVP2 the pool accepts everything that the Proxy JN has chosen.

Author: Got it. I really wanted to understand better how we'd like to tackle the future protocol changes in respect to the externals 👍
